1. A static method is a method that belongs to a class, but it does not belong to an instance of that class and this method can be called without the instance or object of that class. Every method in java defaults to a non-static method without static keyword preceding it. Non-static methods can access any static method and static variable, without creating an instance of the object.

2. But to execute non static method you must create the object of that class.

3. Difference between Static and Non-Static Methods :
   -3.1. Accessing members and methods :
         A static method can only access static data members and static methods of another class or the same class but cannot access non-static methods and variables. Also, a static method can rewrite  
         the values of any static data member.
         A non-static method can access static data members and static methods as well as non-static members and methods of another class or the same class, and also can change the values of any static 
         data member.  (https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-static-and-non-static-method-in-java/).
   -3.2. Calling process :
         The memory of a static method is fixed in the ram, for this reason, we don’t need the object of a class in which the static method is defined to call the static method. To call the method we   
         need to write the class name followed by the name of the method.
         The memory of the non-static method is not fixed in the ram, so we need a class object to call a non-static method. To call the method we need to write the name of the method followed by the 
         class object name.
   -3.3. Binding process :
         In the static method, the method use compile-time or early binding. For this reason, we can access the static method without creating an instance. In a non-static method, the method use runtime 
         or dynamic binding. So that we cannot access a non-static method without creating an instance.
   -3.4. Overriding :
         In the static method, we cannot override a static method, because of early binding. 
         In the non-static method, we can override a non-static method. Because for override we need runtime polymorphism, which happens only in runtime binding. 
   -3.5. Memory allocation :
         In the static method, memory allocation happens only once, because the static keyword fixed a particular memory for that method in ram. So when the method is called every time in a program,  
         each time that particular memory is used. For that reason, less memory is allocated.
         In the non-static method, here memory allocation happens when the method is invoked and the memory is allocated every time when the method is called. So much memory is used here.
4. Identifier expected error : https://rollbar.com/blog/how-to-handle-the-identifier-expected-error-in-java/#.
         
         